1. Take a TextView with some default text and change text color with three
different buttons Red, Green, and Blue respectively on button click event
with linear layout.

2. Take a TextView with some default text and change text font size with
three different buttons Small, Medium, and Large respectively on button
click event with linear layout

3. Develop a simple calculator for addition, subtraction, multiplication, and
division operations using a single textbox.

4. Develop a unit converter using radio button and Textview.

5. Develop an application with checkboxes which display selected items
into textView and total amount in another textview.

6. Develop an application to transmit student information from one activity
to other activity.

7. Develop an application for registration of student with five fields Name,
Age, Address, City, and Phone using editetext. On submit button transfer
these information and display on another activity.

8. Develop an application which accepts first name and last name with
different text box and on button click combine first name and last name
and display it into label second screen.

1. Develop an application for registration of student with five fields Name, Age,
Address, City, and Phone using. On submit button transfer these information
and display on another activity.

2. Develop an application to add and remove items to listview at run time.

3. Develop an application to show items in listview and on selection of
particular item it should start respective activity.

4. Develop an application which shows list of departments in our university, on
selection of particular department it should show the courses running by the
respective department and on selection of particular course it should show
the brief description of the respective course.

5. Develop an application employee information management having the
functionality of insert, update, delete, display and record navigation
operations on SQLite database.

6. Create an application that will change color of the screen, based on selected
options from the menu.

7. Create an application that will pass some number to the next screen , and on
the next screen that number of items should be display in the list.

8. Create an application that will create database with table of User credential.